1) How did viewing a diff between two 
   versions of a file help you spot the bug?

It was helpful because it reduced a potentially
large file to only the changes that were
present between the working version and the
non-working version.  By looking at only the
changes we are able to more easily find the flaw.

2) How could having easy access to the entire
   history of a file make you a more efficient
   programmer in the long term?

Seeing how programs evolve can lend insight
into the philosophy for how the programs were
built.

3) What do you think are the pros and cons of
   manually choosing when to create a commit,
   like you do in Git, vs having versions
   automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Manually choosing when to commit allows you to
structure the commit history to include only
commits with logical changes.  However, this
could lead to too long between commits if
the committer forgets. Automatically saving
could produce commits that are not logical
or that don’t even result in compilable code.

4) Why do you think some version control systems,
   like Git, allow saving multiple files in one
   commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat
   each file separately?

Git allows saving multiple files in one commit
because the logical changes involved in a commit
may involve code changes that span multiple files.

5) How can you use the commands git log and
   did diff to view the history of files?

git log allows you to see all the commits that
have occurred in the repository and tells you
when and who committed and the message they left.
git diff allows you to see what changed between
various commits.

6) How might using version control make you more
   confident to make changes that could break
   something?

The ability to revert back to your previous commit
would allow you to test things code that may make
the current program not work, but checking out
the most recent commit would allow you to get back
to where you were.

7) Now that you have your workspace set up, what do
   you want to try using Git for?

I will be using Git to keep all of my coding
projects under source control.