1) What happens when you initialize a repository?
   Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository, a .git directory
is created which holds all the "behind the scenes"
stuff for managing the repository for the current
dirrectory.  This is what allows Git to know that
the current directory will now be under version
control.

2) How is the staging area different from the
   working directory and the repository?
   What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is different from the working
directory because it is a construct inside Git
whereas the working directory is the actual
directory inside the filesystem you currently at.
The staging area allows you to group files that
you wish to commit in a single commit to the 
repository.

3) How can you use the staging area to make sure
   you have one commit per logical change?

You can do a "git diff --staging" to 
compare all changes made in the staging area with
what is currently commited into the repository.
This will allow you to see what has changed and
make sure they are all logical commits.

4) What are some situations when branches would 
   be helpful in keeping your history organized?
   How would branches help?

Branches help keep new features or new versions
or new experiments separate from the main branch.
This allows the developer to experiment without
worrying about damaging or making the main branch
unusable.

5) How do the diagrams help you visualize the
   branch structure?

The diagrams allow you to see which commits exist
in each branch.  This allows you to potentially
see which features each branch has and which
bugs may be present in each branch.

6) What is the result of merging two branches
   together? Why do we represent it in the diagram
   the way we do?

Merging two branches effectively incorporates all
commits of each branch into the same branch. We
represent them as two lines merging into one
because in the diagram we still wish to show that
the commits came from the different branches but
are all in the history of the new merged branch.